[DOCS-12582] Agentic Onboarding RUM (#32743)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/setup/_index.md

## Setup

{{< whatsnext desc="Choose the instrumentation type for the Browser SDK:" >}}
  {{< nextlink href="/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/setup/server">}}<u>Auto-Instrumentation</u>: Inject a RUM SDK JavaScript scriptlet into the HTML responses of your web applications being served through a web server or proxy.{{< /nextlink >}}
  {{< nextlink href="/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/agentic_onboarding">}}<u>Agentic Onboarding</u>: Instrument your frontend applications with one prompt using LLM coding agents like Cursor or Claude.{{< /nextlink >}}

>   {{< nextlink href="real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/setup/client">}}<u>Client-Side</u>: Instrument each of your browser-based web applications, deploy the application, then configure the initialization parameters you want to track, and use advanced configuration to further manage data and context that RUM collects.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{< nextlink href="real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/setup/client">}}<u>Client-Side</u>: Instrument your browser-based web applications, deploy them, configure the initialization parameters you want to track, and use advanced configuration to further manage the data and context that RUM collects.{{< /nextlink >}}
```
